online store foot yo and in this
video review I want to introduce you
go to the mayor a company called
mega caps 1250 name is taken
not without reason
It means why so because in one
capsule is contained in 1250 milligrams
creatine monohydrate pure means
Olympus known for its quality
sports supplements and this is not
exception this cretin i recommend to everyone
people who choose quality
sports nutrition for reasonable money
It means also in this period but not
contains a small amount of protein this
as a bonus from the manufacturer and his
the amount here is insignificant means
One capsule of us have I yet
I will say how much protein one means
0.2 gram capsule
a very small amount but not
less like we sound pretty
interesting means what else can I add to
Popochka is 400 our capsules
recommendations for use as all
know and generally accepted rule in principle
for many years at a time well
the human body is good
probably absorbed 5 grams of monohydrate
creatine may be in some cases
7 therefore taking four capsules
at a time you get your full 5
gram creatine monohydrate which
really works means by
recommendations to whom I recommend here
it was this sports supplement
I recommend that athletes only
start their way in the opposite hall or
people who feel stagnant in
gaining muscle mass or increasing
its power indicators
nacheshu a stagnant well, like we
stuck there I don't know on the bench press there
110 kg by us
you want to take planochka 120 creatine and
this will help you key key
the move property is that he
improves power performance
improves the recovery process of your
muscles after exhausting workouts
mean and also increases muscle
your volumes but due to the fact that he
dwells in the muscles that is well by
Properties of Kalitin
On the Internet, this is just a whole article.
but in short so amazing happens
that is, he takes the water and puts it
conditionally your muscles retains water in
body simple language
mean also have go to the side
properties but caused by nothing when you
finish the process well you can say the course
creatine intake may be minor
reduce muscle volume down to
30-40 per cent of it and get in shape
shouldn't scare you because it's
such is the nature of a nerd such minutes
properties he possesses about it openly
we stated on the internet can this
You can also read on the Internet
find and buy basically creatine in
different forms as encapsulated as in
in this case also in powder form
there are also liquid kinds of creativity my
preference specifying give their
preference for caraaten corner of the capsule
why because he is very comfortable and not
need even hang powder to take
free that but I do not know there pill
halite capsules some bring
it was there in kinder surprise many
are no secret to anyone that is
so the capsules are more comfortable and put
let's say there is a bag took with him
but immediately after training received by
they are very comfortable and look like this
so here is a protective logo protective such
here is a film present from the company
ollin now on reception
creatine intake on the internet is different
many tips we recommend taking
including boot phases something means it
mean that for the first seven
days you take it four times a day
before
so that the daily rate was you
about 20 grams means take
first dose immediately after sleep 2
take an hour and a half hours before
workout
the third reception right after training as
finished and fourth reception
principle, any time you can take
even for the night means from accepted
a week or so there is a boot phase so
called you passed take on
over means 4 weeks 4-5 weeks
usual in the usual pattern, that is, two
once a day, you can take one at once
after sleeping one right after training
after taking 6-7 weeks
here you are all individually for 6 weeks
took a break for three weeks
where the body really was not used to creatine
and his property did not deteriorate
so they took a break for 2 weeks
the body seems to be out of the body as if
Creatine will come out a little and then
again you can take again including
the fact of loading working tools personally
checked separately I want to say the company
thank them very much because they are not
sports supplement enjoys great
authority in great demand and this
not without reason you can
use in everyday life themselves
check the result for yourself therefore
go to the online shop amulet you do not
disappointed by purchasing this
sports nutrition
thank